解释 mystuff.append('hello') 是怎么运行的，它其实是 append(mystuff, 'hello')
Here's how it works:
1：Python sees you mentioned mystuff and looks up that variable. It might have to look backward to see if you created with =,
      if it is a function argument, or if it's a global variable. Either way it has to find the mystuff first.
2：Once it finds mystuff it reads the . (period) operator and starts to look at variables that are a part of mystuff. Since mystuff is a list,
       it knows that mystuff has a bunch of functions.
3：It then hits append and compares the name to all the names that mystuff says it owns. If append is in there (it is) then Python grabs that to use.
4：Next Python sees the ( (parenthesis) and realizes, "Oh hey, this should be a function." At this point it calls (runs, executes) the function just like normally,
      but instead it calls the function with an extra argument.
5：That extra argument is ... mystuff! I know, weird, right? But that's how Python works so it's best to just remember it and assume that's the result.
      What happens, at the end of all this, is a function call that looks like: append(mystuff, 'hello') instead of what you read which is mystuff.append('hello').

关于列表
1："An ordered list"  ：Yes, deck of cards is in order with a first, and a last.
2："of things you want to store" ：Yes, cards are things I want to store.
3："and access randomly" ：Yes, I can grab a card from anywhere in the deck.
4："or linearly" ：Yes, if I want to find a specific card I can start at the beginning and go in order.
5："by an index" ：Almost, since with a deck of cards if I told you to get the card at index 19 you'd have to count
        until you found that one. In our Python lists the computer can just jump right to any index you give it.

什么时候使用列表
You use a list whenever you have something that matches the list data structure's useful features:

1：If you need to maintain order. Remember, this is listed order, not sorted order. Lists do not sort for you.
2：If you need to access the contents randomly by a number. Remember, this is using cardinal numbers starting at 0.
3：If you need to go through the contents linearly (first to last). Remember, that's what for-loops are for.
